OSDOCS-9865: Specialized Hardware and Driver Enablement Table (#77405)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-16-release-notes.adoc

|====
|Feature |4.14 |4.15 |4.16

|Driver Toolkit
|General Availability
|General Availability
|General Availability

> |Hub and spoke cluster support

Author: Done, thank you @cdvultur

> |Hub and spoke cluster support

Author: @cdvultur I was asked not to change the name of the table. But I have gladly made the other changes you requested.

> |Hub and spoke cluster support
> |General Availability
> |General Availability
> |General Availability
> 
> |Kernel Module Management Operator
> |General Availability
> |General Availability
> |General Availability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Kernel Module Management Operator
|General Availability
|General Availability
|General Availability

|Kernel Module Management Operator - support for Hub and Spoke topologies
|General Availability
|General Availability
|General Availability
```

Author: Done, thank you @qbarrand
